Extension of API `{id}/versions` and `{id}/versions/{versionId}` with an optional ``excludeMetadataBlocks`` parameter (#10778)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/api/native-api.rst

The optional ``excludeFiles`` parameter specifies whether the files should be listed in the output. It defaults to ``true``, preserving backward compatibility. (Note that for a dataset with a large number of versions and/or files having the files included can dramatically increase the volume of the output). A separate ``/files`` API can be used for listing the files, or a subset thereof in a given version. 

> The optional ``excludeMetadataBlocks`` parameter specifies whether the metadataBlocks should be listed in the output. It defaults to ``false``, preserving backward compatibility. (Note that for a dataset with a large number of versions and/or metadataBlocks having the metadata blocks included can dramatically increase the volume of the output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional ``excludeMetadataBlocks`` parameter specifies whether the metadata blocks should be listed in the output. It defaults to ``false``, preserving backward compatibility. (Note that for a dataset with a large number of versions and/or metadata blocks, having the metadata blocks included can dramatically increase the volume of the output).
```

The optional ``excludeFiles`` parameter specifies whether the files should be listed in the output (defaults to ``true``). Note that a separate ``/files`` API can be used for listing the files, or a subset thereof in a given version. 

.. code-block:: bash

  curl "https://demo.dataverse.org/api/datasets/24/versions/1.0?excludeMetadataBlocks=false"

> The optional ``excludeMetadataBlocks`` parameter specifies whether the metadataBlocks should be listed in the output (defaults to ``false``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional ``excludeMetadataBlocks`` parameter specifies whether the metadata blocks should be listed in the output (defaults to ``false``).
```
